{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red86\green32\blue244;\red219\green39\blue218;
\red57\green192\blue38;\red170\green171\blue37;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c41680\c25960\c96645;\cssrgb\c89513\c29738\c88483;
\cssrgb\c25704\c77963\c19556;\cssrgb\c72330\c71683\c18597;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 $ pod lib create RPTInteractiveView\
Cloning `https://github.com/CocoaPods/pod-template.git` into `RPTInteractiveView`.\
Configuring RPTInteractiveView template.\
\
------------------------------\
\
To get you started we need to ask a few questions, this should only take a minute.\
\
If this is your first time we recommend running through with the guide: \
 - \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://guides.cocoapods.org/making/using-pod-lib-create.html\cf2 \ulnone \
\cf4  ( hold cmd and double click links to open in a browser. )\cf2 \
\
\
What platform do you want to use?? [ \ul iOS\ulnone  / macOS ]\
\cf5  > \cf2 iOS\
\
What language do you want to use?? [ \ul Swift\ulnone  / ObjC ]\
\cf5  > \cf2 Swift\
\
Would you like to include a demo application with your library? [ \ul Yes\ulnone  / No ]\
\cf5  > \cf2 Yes\
\
Which testing frameworks will you use? [ \ul Quick\ulnone  / None ]\
\cf5  > \cf2 None\
\
Would you like to do view based testing? [ \ul Yes\ulnone  / No ]\
\cf5  > \cf2 No\
\
Running \cf4 pod install\cf2  on your new library.\
\
Analyzing dependencies\
Downloading dependencies\
\cf5 Installing RPTInteractiveView (0.1.0)\cf2 \
Generating Pods project\
Integrating client project\
\
\cf5 [!] Please close any current Xcode sessions and use `RPTInteractiveView.xcworkspace` for this project from now on.\cf2 \
\cf5 Pod installation complete! There is 1 dependency from the Podfile and 1 total pod installed.\cf2 \
\
\cf6 [!] Automatically assigning platform `iOS` with version `9.3` on target `RPTInteractiveView_Example` because no platform was specified. Please specify a platform for this target in your Podfile. See `https://guides.cocoapods.org/syntax/podfile.html#platform`.\cf2 \
\
 Ace! you're ready to go!\
 We will start you off by opening your project in Xcode\
  \cf4 open 'RPTInteractiveView/Example/RPTInteractiveView.xcworkspace'\cf2 \
\
To learn more about the template see `https://github.com/CocoaPods/pod-template.git`.\
To learn more about creating a new pod, see `https://guides.cocoapods.org/making/making-a-cocoapod`.}